edit words (#246)
jaybee84/ml-in-rd: content/01.synopsis.md

## Abstract {.page_break_before}

The advent of high-throughput profiling methods (such as genomics or imaging) has accelerated basic research and made deep molecular characterization of patient samples routine. 

> They provide a rich portrait of genes, molecular pathways, and cell types involved in disease phenotypes. 

Reviewer: This has swung too far in the other direction as to be somewhat unclear, in my opinion.
```suggestion
These approaches provide a rich portrait of genes, molecular pathways, and cell types involved in disease phenotypes. 
```
